Add AI notebooks for live demo (#1831)
deephaven/deephaven-core: demo/web/src/main/notebooks/Python_AI/01 Deephaven with SciKit-Learn.md

\
\
In this notebook, we'll use SciKit-Learn to create a K-Nearest neighbors classifier and classify the Iris flower dataset.  This dataset contains 150 measurements of the petal length, petal width, sepal length, and sepal width of three different Iris flower subspecies: Iris-setosa, Iris-virginica, and Iris-versicolor.  The Iris flower dataset is commonly used in introductory AI/ML applications.  It is a classification problem: determine the class of Iris subspecies based off the four measurements given.

Let's start by importing everything we need.  We split up the imports into three categories: Deephaven imports, SciKit-Learn imports, and additional required imports.

```python
# Deephaven imports
from deephaven import dataFrameToTable, tableToDataFrame
from deephaven import DynamicTableWriter
from deephaven import learn, read_csv
from deephaven.learn import gather
import deephaven.Types as dht

# SciKit-Learn imports
from sklearn.neighbors import KNeighborsClassifier as knn

# Additional required imports
import random, threading, time
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
```

## Import the data

> We will now import our data into Deephaven as a Pandas dataframe and as a table.  The Iris dataset is available at the URL in the `read_csv` line of the code blow, along with a variety of other places (even SciKit-Learn has it built in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's import our data into Deephaven as a Pandas DataFrame and as a table.  The Iris dataset is available at the URL in the `read_csv` line of the code below, along with a variety of other places (even SciKit-Learn has it built in).
```

```python
# A function to gather double values from a table into a NumPy ndarray
def table_to_numpy_double(rows, columns):
    return np.squeeze(gather.table_to_numpy_2d(rows, columns, dtype = np.double))

# A function to gather integer values from a table into a NumPy ndarray
def table_to_numpy_integer(rows, columns):
    return np.squeeze(gather.table_to_numpy_2d(rows, columns, dtype = int))

# A function to scatter integer predictions back into a table
def numpy_to_table_integer(predictions, index):
    return int(data[idx])
```

## Fit the model to the training data

With that done, it's time to put everything together.  Let's start by fitting our classifier using our training table.

```python
learn.learn(
    table = iris_train,
    model_func = fit_knn,
    inputs = [learn.Input(["SepalLengthCM", "SepalWidthCM", "PetalLengthCM", "PetalWidthCM"], table_to_numpy_double), learn.Input("Class", table_to_numpy_integer)],
    outputs = None,
    batch_size = iris_train.intSize()
)
```

## Test the fitted model

> We've got a fitted classifier now.  Let's test it out on our test table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've got a fitted classifier now.  Let's try it on our test table.
```

```python
iris_test_knn = learn.learn(
    table = iris_test,
    model_func = use_fitted_knn,
    inputs = [learn.Input(["SepalLengthCM", "SepalWidthCM", "PetalLengthCM", "PetalWidthCM"], table_to_numpy_double)],
    outputs = [learn.Output("PredictedClass", numpy_to_table_integer, "int")],
    batch_size = iris_test.size()
)
```

> The K-Nearest neighbors classifier worked great!  We just did some classifications using a simple model on a static data set.  That's kind of cool, but this data set is neither large or real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The K-Nearest neighbors classifier worked great!  We just did some classifications using a simple model on a static data set.  That's kind of cool, but this data set is neither large nor real-time.
```

## Define bounds for making realistic faux Iris measurements

Let's create a real-time table of faux Iris measurements and apply our fitted classifier.
We need to make sure our faux measurements are realistic, so let's grab the minimum and maximum observation values and use those to generate random numbers.

```python
min_petal_length, max_petal_length = raw_iris["PetalLengthCM"].min(), raw_iris["PetalLengthCM"].max()
min_petal_width, max_petal_width = raw_iris["PetalWidthCM"].min(), raw_iris["PetalWidthCM"].max()
min_sepal_length, max_sepal_length = raw_iris["SepalLengthCM"].min(), raw_iris["SepalLengthCM"].max()
min_sepal_width, max_sepal_width = raw_iris["SepalWidthCM"].min(), raw_iris["SepalWidthCM"].max()
```

## Write the faux measurements to a table in real-time

> With these quantities now calculated and stored in memory, we need to set up alive table that we can write measurements to.  To keep it simple, we'll write measurements to the table once per second for a minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these quantities now calculated and stored in memory, we need to set up a live table that we can write measurements to.  To keep it simple, we'll write measurements to the table once per second for a minute.
```

    [dht.double] * 4
)

live_iris = table_writer.getTable()

def write_faux_iris_measurements():
    for i in range(60):
        sepal_length = np.round(random.uniform(min_sepal_length, max_sepal_length), 1)
        sepal_width = np.round(random.uniform(min_sepal_width, max_sepal_width), 1)
        petal_length = np.round(random.uniform(min_petal_length, max_petal_length), 1)
        petal_width = np.round(random.uniform(min_petal_width, max_petal_width), 1)

        table_writer.logRow(sepal_length, sepal_width, petal_length, petal_width)
        time.sleep(1)

thread = threading.Thread(target = write_faux_iris_measurements)
thread.start()
```

## Use the trained model on the live data

Now we've got some faux live incoming measurements.  We can just use our fitted K-Neighbors classifier on the live table!

```python
iris_classifications_live = learn.learn(
    table = live_iris, 
    model_func = use_fitted_knn,
    inputs = [learn.Input(["SepalLengthCM", "SepalWidthCM", "PetalLengthCM", "PetalWidthCM"], table_to_tensor_double)],
    outputs = [learn.Output("PredictedClass", tensor_to_table_integer, "int")],
    batch_size = 5
)
```

> And there we have it.  Our classifier is working on live data.  The only extra work we needed to make that happen was to set up the real-time data stream.  Pretty simple!  This may be a toy problem, but the steps hold true to more complex ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And there we have it.  Our classifier is working on live data.  The only extra work required was to set up the real-time data stream.  Pretty simple!  This may be a toy problem, but the steps hold true to more complex ones.
```

Reviewer: should change above, too
